
Ron talks about abilities with cooking, singing, dancing, studying, and sports.


Mari (Japan - American Accent)
Ron (USA)

Ron: I can't cook well, but I do cook, so I think the reason why I can't cook well is because I can eat anything, so I don't try very hard to make it take good.
Mari: What do you like to cook?
Ron: I like to barbecue outside on the grill.
Mari: What do you put on your barbecue?
Ron: When I cook meat, I don't put much, only salt, pepper, and a little bit of seasoning.
Mari: OK. Good. Next, do you think you're a good dancer?
Ron: No, I don't think I'm a good dancer and I don't really try to be a good dancer.
Mari: Do you not like to dance?
Ron: No, I don't like to dance.
Mari: At all?
Ron: Right.
Mari: I heard that you're a good line dancer.
Ron: I would like to learn how to line dance, and I do like country music but I haven't been officially taught how to line dance.
Mari: So you don't dance at all?
Ron: No.
Mari: Next, are you a good singer?
Ron: No, I'm not a good singer but I do enjoy going to Karaoke.
Mari: What do you like to sing?
Ron: In Hawaii, when I go to Karaoke I enjoy singing Hawaiian music. If I'm in Japan I like to sing other English songs that they have, usually country music or 80's or 90's music.
Mari: Good. That's good. Do you think you're a good student?
Ron: I don't know if I'm a good student. Growing up I was not a good student but now I am trying harder to be a good student.
Mari: How were you not a good student growing up?
Ron: I didn't enjoy going to school and I didn't try very hard in school. Now I try a little harder. I make an effort. 
Mari: Can you talk more about your effort? What do you do to try to be a good student?
Ron: I try to listen to the teachers now instead of doing my own thing, and I try to complete everything with good quality.
Mari: That's good. And, last do you think that you're a good athlete?
Ron: Growing up I was a good athlete. I played a few sports. Now I don't play any sports anymore because I'm old, but growing up I think I was a good athlete.
Mari: What sports did you play?
Ron: I played American football, baseball, and soccer.
Mari: Which one is your best sport?
Ron: I would say football. American football is my best sport.
Mari: How long did you play?
Ron: I played since I was eleven until age twenty-two.
Mari: So for eleven years. And you played when you were in university?
Ron: I played at the University of Hawaii.
grill
I like to barbecue outside on the grill.
When we grill something that means we cook it on metal bars over an open fire.  Note the following:
at all
So you don't dance at all?
Something we don't do at all is something we never do.  Note the following:
line-dancer
I heard that you're a good line-dancer.
In a line dance, people line up without partners and follow a pattern of steps usually to American country music. Note the following:
officially
I haven't been officially taught how to line-dance.
Something that is taught officially requires formal instruction and often results in certification.  Note the following:
do my own thing
I try to listen to the teachers now instead of doing my own thing.
When we do our own thing that means we do things our own way.  Note the following:
