
Ron talks about the various types of media he prefers to use and why.



Mari (Japan - American Accent)
Ron (USA)

Ron: Usually I watch TV every day. I don't watch TV very long but I usually watch TV every day. Usually I watch the news.
Mari: Why just the news?
Ron: I like to know what's going on in the world, so I usually watch CNN or BBC.
Mari: And that's it. Nothing else?
Ron: Usually, yes.
Mari: Usually?
Ron: Other than that, sometimes I'll watch sporting events such as baseball or football.
Mari: But that's it?
Ron: Yeah.
Mari: OK, next, do you go to the movies? How often do you go to the movies?
Ron: I don't go to the movies very often, maybe twice a year, I would say.
Mari: That's it.
Ron: Yeah.
Mari: Do you rent movies?
Ron: I rent movies more than I go to the cinema, but also not very often.
Mari: What kind of movies do you like?
Ron: I like funny movies. Comedies.
Mari: Comedies. What's the most recent movie you watched?
Ron: I watched Home Alone last night but it was on TV. I didn't rent the movie.
Mari: OK. How often do you read books?
Ron: I don't like reading, so I don't read books very often. The only time I do read books is for school purposes.
Mari: What kind of books do you read for school?
Ron: Well, my major is International Relations, so usually I read International Relations books, if I have to read.
Mari: If you have to read. So nothing? No books for pleasure?
Ron: Not for entertainment.
Mari: So when you're on the airplane, you don't read?
Ron: No. I try to watch the movies on the airplane.
Mari: OK. How often do you go to concerts?
Ron: I go to concerts once in awhile. In Hawaii, there aren't many concerts so when they're are concerts, I try to go.
Mari: What do you go see, or what type of concerts?
Ron: I like Hawaiian music so I go to Hawaiian concerts, and if a big star from America comes, I usually try to go also.
Mari: So music concerts.
Ron: Right, music concerts.
Mari: OK, Ron, thanks.
Ron: You're welcome.
 just
Why just the news? 
The words 'just' and 'only' have the same meaning and are interchangeable.  Notice the following: 
purposes
The only time I do read books is for school purposes. 
A purpose tells us why someone does something.  Notice the following: 
Other than that
I mainly watch the news. Other than that, sometimes I'll watch sport. 
The phrase 'other than that' means there is nothing more to do or say about something.  Notice the following: 
major
My major is International Relations. 
Our major is or was our area of study at college or university.  Notice the following: 
once in awhile
I go to concerts once in awhile. 
The phrase 'once in awhile' is similar in meaning to 'not often'.  Notice the following: 
