
Mari talks about foods that she really loves to eat.

Mari (From Japan - American Accent)
Ron (USA)

Ron: Hi, I'm Ron from Hawaii. I'm here with Mari from Japan. Today we're gonna be talking about food. So Mari, what's your favorite cuisine?
Mari: I think I like American food. 
Ron: What type of American food? 
Mari: I like hamburgers. 
Ron: Hamburgers. Is that your favorite dish as well?
Mari: That is my favorite dish. My favorite hamburger place is right near where I went to university and they have this hamburger called the Danish Burger, and the Danish Burger has blue cheese inside the hamburger, so I love ... my favorite dish has to be the Danish Burger.
Ron: Do you like any side things like french fries with your hamburger?
Mari: I love french fries but I know that eating hamburger and french fries is a little bit unhealthy so I always replace the french fries for a salad.
Ron: A salad. OK. What about dessert? What's your favorite dessert?
Mari: My favorite dessert has to be chocolate cake.
Ron: Chocolate cake. Anything else? Do you like to eat it with anything? 
Mari: No, I like chocolate cake by itself. Anything else? I like brownie sundaes, like brownies and choc ... brownies with vanilla ice-cream. I guess my favorite dessert is anything chocolaty. 
Ron: Sounds good. So before you said you like to eat a salad. What type of salad, what type of vegetables do you like?
Mari: I like all vegetables. I like them cooked or raw but I don't like raw onions.
Ron: Not raw onions.
Mari: I really can't eat onions raw. That's probably the only vegetable I can't eat raw.
Ron: That's interesting. Thanks Mari.
What's your favorite cuisine?
'Cuisine' talks about a style of cooking or kinds of food from different countries.  Note the following: 
side things
Do you like any side things like french fries with your hamburger? 
A side thing or side dish is a small amount of food serverd with the main course.  Note the following: 
replace
I always replace the french fries for a salad. 
At a restaurant we can sometimes change one dish for another.  Note the following: 
has to be
My favorite dessert has to be chocolate cake. 
'Has to be' is simlar in meaning to 'must be'.  Note the following: 
raw
I really can't eat onions raw. 
'Raw' means not cooked.  Note the following: 
