
Ron talks about Hawaiin food and his favorite foods.


Mari (Japan - American Accent)
Ron (USA)

Ron: My favorite cuisine has to be Hawaiian food. I grew up eating Hawaiian food so every special occasion we had Hawaiian food, so now when I eat Hawaiian food, it always brings back good memories.
Mari: What exactly is Hawaiian food?
Ron: Traditional Hawaiian food is usually cooked under the ground in a hole with hot rocks and it cooks for maybe six hours or seven hours and when you take it out, it's very salty because we use a lot of salt and it tastes really good ... usually meat ... usually pork and other vegetables like taro and potato. 
Mari: So then what's your favorite Hawaiian dish?
Ron: My favorite Hawaiian dish is called Lao-Lao. It's pork or fish wrapped in leaves and put inside the underground oven and it's very salty and very good.
Mari: So the flavor is just salt?
Ron: The flavor is salt and also the leaf flavor that it's wrapped in.
Mari: What's your favorite dessert or junk food?
Ron: My favorite dessert has to be cake and ice-cream together. I love to eat cake and ice-cream together.
Mari: What's your favorite ice-cream flavor?
Ron: My favorite ice-cream flavor is strawberry, and I like to eat that with chocolate cake.
Mari: Mm, sounds good. Do you like vegetables?
Ron: Not so much. I don't like to eat vegetables but I can eat them if somebody cooks them for me.
Mari: What's your favorite vegetable?
Ron: My favorite vegetable ... I don't have a favorite vegetable but I can eat vegetables like asparagus, broccoli, carrots. Those types of things.
Mari: Do you eat your vegetables raw ... like salad ... or do you prefer them cooked?
Ron: I prefer them cooked.
Mari: Thanks Ron.
Ron: You're welcome.
special occasion
Every special occasion we had Hawaiian food. 
A special occasion can be an important event, holiday, or ceremony.  Note the following: 
bring back good memories
It always brings back good memories. 
We 'bring back good memories' when we think about good things or happy times from the past.  Note the following:
underground
We put it inside the underground oven.
We use the word 'underground'  to talk about things below the surface of the earth.  Note the following:
wrap
There is the leaf that it's wrapped in.
When we wrap something, we fold paper, cloth, or in this case leaves around it.  Note the following:
prefer
I prefer them cooked.
'Prefer' means 'like'.  We often use it to compare two things.  Note the following:
